=About Love=
=Episode 11=
Oh, right.
This is for you.
You're so thoughtful.
I designed all of them.
Not sure if you'll like it.
I didn't get you anything.
If you're interested,
you can drop by my studio
anytime and pick one.
There are plenty that suit you.
Then I'll really come by.
Deal.
Mm.
Do you hang out with them often?
Not really.
I've only met them two or three times.
No wonder, the first time I saw you,
I knew you were different from them.
How different?
People easily get influenced
by a group's vibe.
Stay too long,
and you'll start adopting their mindset,
even
bad habits become normal.
But I can tell,
you haven't been shaped by them.
We'll get along, I bet.
Someone's getting married.
Who?
Who else? Use your brain!
Me and Sen?
Not married. I said proposed.
Aren't proposing and getting married
the same thing?
What if she says no?
Then propose again.
You're so overthinking it.
Be yourself. Just do it.
You think proposing
is a joke?
What's actually going on?
I've been watching entertainment news
for 30 years.
Never seen
a proposal fail.
If they're still together,
they're heading for marriage anyway.
Just wanna do that
unnecessary romantic stuff.
I'll take your good wishes then.
That's great news.
Congrats.
Come on, Zhazha Xiu.
Don't you feel guilty saying that?
What did I do now?
Fine if others say it,
but you...
We've seen
your marriage.
Your congrats sound like,
"I've suffered for decades."
"Finally another fool's falling in."
"A good path, but you won't take it."
"Alright, come on in."
So I'm the exception.
The unluckiest one.
One sign of maturity
is realizing
you're not that special.
You're just one of the unlucky ones.
Fine, you're right.
I'm just not that special.
The second sign of maturity
is confidence.
What you need most right now
is to stick to facts and reason.
And prove you're the unluckiest.
When a man openly talks about marriage,
he's already not very manly.
This isn't about masculinity.
You're just that...
that rare kind of person.
Someone that really sparks my curiosity.
That yin-yang head.
Words, not fists.
Xiu,
why don't you just tell us?
Think of it as giving me,
someone about to get married,
a little brotherly advice.
Exactly.
How did your life
end up like this?
Bei's dying to know.
Can you talk normally?
Let me ask you.
When was the last time
you went to the movies?
Last weekend.
Me too.
But I didn't go with him.
Don't get the wrong idea.
Who'd want to go with you?
- Encounter?
- I didn't even want to.
You know when Yu and I
last went to the movies?
Five years ago.
You're a simp?
The training class
asked you to help out.
The bar opening had you showing support.
Now there's a baby's full-month party.
They also want you to sing.
You think you're a Z-list singer now?
Watch your mouth, please?
What do you mean by simp?
We're all buddies,
what's wrong with helping out?
It's just their lousy buddy stuff.
And you always go.
Why're you so desperate?
Just wear this.
Do you have to be so mean?
Sorry.
I'm nice to everyone else.
I don't need to act that way with you.
Aren't you the one
who thinks I'm a shrew?
They pay me.
Can't you even give me a smile?
Thanks. How much do they pay you?
I'll give you ten times that.
With all this time,
why not stay home
and focus on your music?
Do I even have the time?
Don't you know where it goes?
Those so‑called works of yours.
Which one haven't I helped you with?
Helping me is a waste of time.
But why are you so eager
to play simp for others?
Can't wait to feed your ego?
Are you out of your mind?
I said I'm not going! I'm so done.
I must be crazy
for dating a guy like you.
Alright.
I'll never meddle in your crap again.
You deserve to be used.
Freak.
You coming or not?
Where to?
Forgot the movie tickets
we bought yesterday?
No off work.
No fun.
Only sleep about
three or four hours a day.
Eat,
pee,
even work when she's sick in bed.
Honestly, I admire you.
Bei told me
you started with a few thousand yuan.
Now you've got a team of dozens
and your own brand.
That's really impressive.
Just forced by life.
I also wanna
study fashion design abroad.
Be a carefree fashion designer.
Not a clothing shop owner
stuck working 24/7.
But this is how it is for now.
She really is
the craziest workaholic I've ever met.
Why did you cut only the front pieces?
Did I cut it wrong?
Can you even do this?
It's such a simple task.
Showed you a million times.
But still clueless.
I'll redo it right away.
Do you know how hard
it was to find these fabrics?
Please.
Can you just pay attention?
When am I not paying attention?
What's this?
Do you think I'm blind?
If these could sell,
I'd say nothing.
But if I don't finish this order,
no money.
We won't make the mortgage
in two months, get it?
If you don't want to do it,
then get out of my way.
When I'm with her now,
I just feel inferior
and ashamed.
That's it.
No matter how hard I try,
I can't keep up with her.
Before marriage, I had all these ideas.
Ideal plans
enough for a book.
But after marriage?
Drowned in loans.
After paying
all the bills every month...
Design sketch.
I can't even afford a decent outfit.
Every day I wonder
how to get through tomorrow.
Poverty makes
all marital troubles worse.
Back then, I thought,
if money can fix it,
then it's not a real problem.
Just work harder to earn it.
Movies, friend hangouts.
Not even a thought.
I said I was tired and wanted to sleep.
But I didn't dare.
I don't deserve it.
These past few years
should've been the best.
But my life's been stagnant.
Hopeless.
So depressed.
Then people changed.
Maybe
showed their true colors.
I watched her go from a
gentle woman
to a
cranky workaholic.
We argued every single day.
Before, he used to call me "Sis",
then "Wife" after marriage.
Now I'm like his Mom.
Does he think I wanna be like this?
She says I don't care about the family.
But every time she calls,
I drop everything to help her.
He still thinks he's doing me a favor.
Not treating my problems as his own.
Does he even know
what responsibility is?
I have my own job too.
I need to record songs
and arrange music.
But I keep getting interrupted.
When I was at my busiest,
I didn't touch my guitar
for three months.
Can you believe that?
Who knows how much
I've sacrificed?
Who else could do this?
You're weighing her against your dream.
But back then,
wasn't she your dream too?
Any possession
comes with sacrifice.
Some just can't let go,
so they blame marriage,
forgetting what they gained.
I disagree.
You can't put all eggs in one basket.
If you don't get what music
means to a musician,
you have no right to
ask him to give it up easily.
If her career crashes,
at least I can support us.
Otherwise we'd starve.
I don't wanna hold him back.
But the endless chores
and the overwhelming workload.
I just can't handle it all on my own.
Except for him.
Who else can I really count on?
I know she works hard.
And she never complains.
But I'm no expert at this.
Switching from what I'm good at
to what I'm not.
Mistakes happen.
Then she chews me out like I'm an idiot.
It's not carelessness.
He just doesn't care.
He rejects doing anything for me.
He thinks it's a favor.
Not his duty.
So he thinks he shouldn't be blamed
for mistakes.
I don't need this charity.
Schopenhauer said,
"Marriage cuts your rights in half,
and doubles your responsibilities."
I think he was wrong.
For you two,
rights aren't just cut in half,
and responsibilities
are more than doubled.
In marriage,
everyone carries responsibility.
I often wonder,
if over these years,
I'd poured my energy into music,
could I have earned enough money?
I know he's not chasing fame or wealth,
but he craves success deeply.
I could've given her enough money.
No more walking on eggshells.
No more chains.
Because of this,
he used money and busyness
to brush me off.
To avoid facing me.
Do I really need a man like that?
I still don't know
what she wants.
Must I degrade myself
to be her worker?
He just doesn't get
what I care about.
It's so simple.
Among people our age,
some are mature,
while some are forever kids.
But there's no right or wrong in that.
The real issue now is...
Just a bad fit.
My dear,
back then, I simply didn't understand.
Now I finally know
why I don't wanna marry.
I'm scared of becoming like you.
Hurting yourself and others.
Come on.
You're just scared
you can't date
other girls after marriage.
Fair point.
Wait, today, you...
You just admitted it?
Let me say it again.
I finally get
why I resist marriage.
I'm scared of becoming you
and losing the chance
to date other girls.
Wait, Bei.
Don't we both
know a girl named...
Luanluan, right?
Sorry
for rambling.
Hope you an Bei never
end up like us.
It's alright.
I can already imagine
what marriage might bring.
I think
marriage is like boarding the same ship.
Sometimes the direction clashes,
and the ship sinks.
It happens.
What scares me is
there's more than two on board.
Then it's hard to say
who drilled the hole.
You're smart.
You know I didn't
call you here
just to vent.
Go ahead.
He cheated.
She knows now.
You came clean?
I didn't.
But that night at Linglong.
Didn't you see it?
Everything she said was sarcasm.
She was harsh
that day.
But she wasn't just mocking you.
Who else?
Guess.
But I was telling the truth.
No way she was mocking me.
It's all Zhazha Xiu's fault.
Why don't we cut ties with him?
Hey, bro.
My mom said I can't play with wild kids.
When did you figure it out?
When a guy suddenly starts
showering every day,
working out regularly,
caring about his clothes,
even creating with fire
like never before.
How insensitive would I have to be
to believe
that behind all that glow and grind,
there wasn't another woman?
So, what's your plan?
Kill them.
Too bad that's against the law.
True.
Such a pity.
Be honest with me.
What is it you like about Luanluan?
I like writing songs with her.
Being with her
feels so relaxing.
Don't you notice she's always smiling?
Always smiling,
always giving me approval.
Always cheering me on.
No matter what happens,
she says "it's okay."
She makes me feel
safe.
Makes me feel
like I can lean on her,
and she can lean on me.
But... but
the most important thing is
I can
only
feel worthy when I'm with her.
I feel alive.
I could be better for her, but
it turns out I was wrong.
Come.
Right person.
But the wrong relationship.
Xiu.
At this point,
you know you messed up.
You should cut your losses.
Earlier,
we never exposed you and Luanluan.
We're partly to blame.
But now that Yu knows,
you need to talk to
- Luanluan and...
- Hey, wait.
Mind if I ask...
Why Luanluan?
Sorry.
Only my best friend's feelings matter.
I know.
If it's your friend,
even if he's cheating on his wife,
you'll still let it slide.
Come on, be a decent human, okay?
What's wrong with following his heart?
This is not the time!
Stop spouting your
irresponsible nonsense, okay?
Come here, come.
Talk's fine. Hands off.
Let me ask you.
Who swore he loved Yu?
Twenty years her parents raised her.
Then let you marry her.
And now she's facing these.
Think carefully.
Do you think what you've done is right?
You tell us it's been hard on you.
That you've lost so much.
Lost this, lost your dreams.
But Yu hasn't lost any
less than you have.
Daresay her bad temper
has nothing to do with you?
Life's hard.
We're all just surviving.
It makes people lose patience.
But Xiu,
you're a man. Man up
and fix this.
No one forced you
to date or marry her, right?
You chose this, right?
Didn't you
chase her like crazy?
You told her "forever" at the wedding.
We all heard it!
Was that just empty talk?
And now, look at you.
You said you regret it.
You love someone else.
You let Yu pay for your impulsiveness.
If you keep this up,
we're no longer brothers, alright?
You're right.
That's my glass.
No manners.
I'm yelling at you.
But we're to blame too.
We always thought we were friends with
you and Luanluan.
So we stayed out of it.
But now things have gotten this far.
You owe both women an explanation.
Got it?
Well, can I chime in?
I'm not sure if I should say it or not.
If it's out of line,
just ignore me.
Doesn't it
seem like
Xiu doesn't have a choice here?
You want me to get evidence?
I know it's tough for you.
But after thinking it through,
you're the only one I can count on.
At this point, honestly,
I really need a backup plan.
No.
That's not it.
I'm doing this to...
fulfill.
Fulfill?
Mm.
Xiu seems really relaxed
when he's with you.
I don't need anyone's fulfillment.
Alright, I'll help you.
Thanks.
I knew I came to the right person.
I just enjoy helping people
find happiness.
I love seeing couples
get their happy ending.
I'll send them on their way.
To be honest, I was nervous
when you asked me out.
I feared you only talked to me
because of Bei and others.
Come on, why would I?
A talented,
and beautiful girl like you.
Who wouldn't like you?
You're the truly beautiful one.
Since the first day I met you, I thought
whoever's friends with you
is so lucky.
Aren't we already friends?
If you say so,
then what's left for me
to hesitate about?
Drop by my café sometime.
Sure.
You own a café?
Mm, and a flower shop too.
Oh, right.
I directed a play next weekend.
You have to come and show support.
I'll be there.
(Play: "Delusion Girl",
written by Luanluan)
Thank you.
Congrats on opening, Mr. Sen!
Thanks, thanks!
Thanks everyone, thanks.
Thank you.
One thing to clarify.
This shop belongs to Mingming.
I'm just Miss Ming's assistant.
Hers is yours, huh?
When are you two getting married?
- Right?
- Yeah, right!
Hey, Cao.
You read my mind.
I wanna hurry too,
but I can't.
I have to follow Miss Ming's plan.
Honestly, we couldn't
have opened smoothly
without
our biggest investor,
Mr. Bei.
Mr. Bei, wanna say a few words?
Mr. Bei!
Don't say it.
(Qian Chang)
Fine, I'll say a couple words.
So happy my good friend
and former colleague
are teaming up for this business.
Hope they
stay together forever
and never let each other down.
Good!
Thanks, Bei.
Bei, honestly,
I kinda stole
your former employee like this,
you don't mind, right?
I do mind.
Wanna give her back?
No way.
She's mine now.
Alright, you two, enough.
Do that at home.
Exactly.
Remember a few years ago,
you borrowed 500 yuan from me.
I'm writing it off.
Now I'm the second investor.
Let me say a few words.
Why are you everywhere?
- Give me three hours.
- Security!
Security!
Get him out. Get him out.
Come on, pass out the red envelopes!
(Grand Opening)
(Qian Chang, Photography Studio)
You look extra special today.
What about my outfit?
Thanks.
So cute.
I wondered how to pronounce
these words when I came in.
Photography?
Sis.
These two right here.
Qian.
Chang.
They're from the Book of Songs.
Oh.
You're so cultured.
What do they mean?
Maybe it's the story
between Mingming and Sen.
Don't mess with me.
Do people nowadays love
hiding secret meaning in names?
I wanna get a fortune too.
Feel free to ask him anything.
He's our top salesperson.
These few outdoor sets.
I adore them so much.
I see you paid
a 100-yuan deposit online.
That deposit can be converted to cash.
Which means,
on top of the 25% discount,
you get an extra 500 yuan discount.
I'll head over there.
Okay.
That's a great deal.
Mm.
Thanks.
Thanks, Bei.
No need to thank me.
You should thank Sen.
Never thought he'd do this.
Hope you truly love him.
Only I know if I love him.
I can't prove it.
And I don't need to.
Sen's done so much for you.
Don't let him down.
I'm in a relationship,
not making a deal.
If we're really not a match,
should we force it?
Don't worry.
Just treat it as if he borrowed
the money from you for me.
I'll pay you back.
It's not about the money.
Why bring it up?
How do you like it?
We wanted to ask about this one.
This package.
Sure.
I'm really curious.
If one day Sen dumps me,
what'll you do?
I was right.
You only care about who you care about..
That's fine.
I'm lucky to be your friend.
That person must be Xiu, right?
Xiu, Luanluan.
- Finally met you.
- Grand opening.
Grand opening.
Thanks.
Why didn't you sing the other day?
Something came up last minute.
If I didn't meet you today,
I'd think Sen was lying.
What did he say?
That day he showed us
a super pretty photo.
None of us believed it.
Now I see
you're even more beautiful in person.
Nah, I just know how to take photos.
Since you're here,
wanna take a photo to remember?
No need, you're so busy today.
Sen's here, so I'm not busy.
Besides,
the first photo of the opening
should be with friends.
Let's do it.
We rarely take photos together.
Yuan, turn that light a bit that way.
Okay, once the makeup artists are done,
we're ready.
Ready.
You two not close?
Why sitting so far apart?
Alright, let's try one shot first.
Three, two, one.
How about this.
Let's make it a bit subtle.
Luanluan.
Face Xiu and lower your head a little.
Xiu.
Look at Luanluan.
Alright, let's take one shot.
Here we go.
Three, two, one.
Nice, okay, let's do another one.
Come on, get a bit closer.
Three, two, one.
Got it, now that's the vibe.
Luanluan.
Mm.
What's wrong?
We...
Don't tell me you can't say
you're dumping me.
That's not it.
Then what do you mean?
You know me well.
I'm not that hard to deal with.
I know you don't stop liking me.
You just can't be with me anymore.
Right?
I'm sorry.
That's the last thing I wanna hear.
I... I don't want to hold you back.
Being with someone you love
is holding them back?
Then I'd gladly
waste my whole life that way.
It's okay.
I'm happy for you going home. Really.
Really.
I'm such an idiot.
I don't deserve you.
I won't let you talk like that.
You two are doing just fine.
I don't wanna lose you.
Then tell me what you expect me to do.
So many times, I've thought about it.
We should've ended this, but...
But I still can't let you go.
The thought of never seeing you again...
So I just waited.
As long as you stay silent,
I'll pretend everything's fine.
Now you're really leaving.
I knew, even if it wasn't today,
this day would come sooner or later.
Go on, then.
Can you promise me one thing?
Sure.
You're agreeing without asking?
Aren't you afraid
I'll ask you to divorce?
You know I never would.
Right now, I'm not in the right state
for the upcoming shows.
Can you stay with me for a few days?
Let's pretend nothing happened tonight.
After the play is over,
let's break up then.
Okay.
Yeah, got it.
Nice one.
I'll print copies and send them to you.
How did you deal with Yu and Xiu?
I love Xiu.
Maybe I'm just too narrow-minded.
If someone I love
sleeps with someone else every day,
I couldn't possibly take it.
They're the original couple.
I'm just an extra.
No right, so I gotta know my place.
Unlike you,
who can complain
they don't give enough
or do enough.
As for me,
just being able to hang out
and talk with him
already makes me happy.
Don't you think that's too silly?
I know you feel bad for me,
but I have friends like you,
and a man who truly loves me.
I'm honestly already very lucky.
Hey, don't move.
Wipe your mouth.
What if Yu finds out,
and forces you to break up with Xiu...
Can we really be
forced apart that easily?
Is that what Xiu thinks too?
Love can't be forced.
You can't decide who you don't love,
nor force someone to love you.
You're really laid-back about this.
Can I tell you the truth?
If you really believe me,
Xiu and I
never crossed the line.
What do you mean?
I do love him,
but our feelings are
more like admiration.
He feels the same way about me.
Who wouldn't want to spend more time
with someone they admire?
Okay, he's married now.
But does marriage
mean cutting off all contact
with the opposite sex?
Of course not.
Easy for you
to say from my side.
What if
Bei had a "Luanluan" around?
Will you still be happy?
If they're really innocent...
That's where the problem lies.
How can you be so sure
they're actually innocent?
All soulmate or confidant
through their partner's eyes,
always seem a bit suspicious, right?
But you and Xiu.
You're really not lovers?
Wasn't Jiang Yifan also Gong's lover?
Don't worry.
Gong didn't tell me anything.
I just happened to
see that street interview video
of you two.
That's when I realized
you were Jiang Yifan.
Did you ever love him?
No.
I believe you.
I know what you're thinking.
Don't worry.
I won't tell anyone.
I'm not that low.
I trust you too.
I believe you and Xiu are innocent.
So when you said
you wanted to be friends,
you weren't lying, right?
Of course not.
Sometimes things bottled up for so long.
You need someone to talk to.
Now I have you.
I couldn't be happier.
(Share)
That's great.
(Send to friend)
(Yu)
You're sending this to Yu?
Yeah.
Is that not okay?
Maybe… maybe don't send it.
Why?
This needs to be sent to...
You scared me.
Are you out of your mind?
What are you two doing?
None of your business.
Cut the PDA.
Sen's gorgeous wife
wants you to take a promo photo.
Hurry over.
Maybe not.
Yeah.
Why not?
You think everyone's like me,
trying to please you two
even when you act cold?
Besides,
she already picked out the clothes.
Then let's go.
You picked this for me?
She asked me to.
It suits you.
It suits me.
Fine, head out.
Don't film this.
Why not?
What do you mean, why not?
Is it appropriate for you to be here?
Why wouldn't I?
Just stole a little of your spotlight.
Besides,
I picked the outfit
and did all the work.
I deserve some credit, right?
- I don't care. I'm taking it.
- Wait, you...
Fine, let's all take it together.
See?
- So generous.
- That...
Just pretend you don't see him.
You ready?
Mm.
Three, two, one.
(Bei)
(You home?)
(Xiaoxi)
(Not home.)
(Bei)
(Wanted to talk to you.)
Xiaoxi.
Miss Chen.
I thought you'd blow me off.
I'll grab some popcorn.
Can't watch a movie without it.
Thanks.
Dr. Lin, why do so many people
date at the movies?
The dark effect.
In dim light, people
lower their guard and feel safer.
The chance of getting close
is much higher
than in bright places.
Do you think it works?
I hope it does.
So our talk will be more relaxed.
I'm looking forward to it.
Come on, the movie's starting.
Mm.
♪I'll admit♪
♪My back is faced against the wall♪
♪There's nothing that
I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
♪I'll resist♪
♪Your gaze, your lips♪
♪Your touches again♪
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
♪Take my mind again♪
♪Break into my heart again♪
♪I'm falling out again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
♪To beg for the truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪I thought it had came from
below us♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪Is it violent or warming, entrancing♪
♪This secret of love♪